I'm guessing that's for mouse input via USB or Bluetooth.
First go into the app drawer and select the contacts app.
I'll be testing it out on my grandchildren.
I'm not familiar with your model but I would assume that adding contacts to it will be much the same as on my Motorola droid bionic.
It just said server was too busy Thanks, I just downloaded it.
Looks like there's a bit there for everybody.
Next hit your back button to go back to the contacts list.
Then hit the menu button, select more, then settings, then contact storage, select google and check remember this choice, then click OK.
The second way is to open Gmail on your pc and enter your contacts from there.
And I believe that several of the major office supply chains also carry them.
And the best way sync music with my PC.
And why do you care where I live?
Anyone else having this?
But the YouTube app fails to stream.
but you are really reading to much into my post.
Did it install?
Does anybody know how to access the fm tuner settings on a zte light tablet?
Do you have some kind of investment in my intellect?
Engi Rooting seems to be the only way as of yet.
First time here, so I hope I do this right.
Free is great, but I'm not against spending a little money.
Give that a try.
Glad I could help.
Good day sir.
Haha I'm joking.
He probably just want to play games and watch videos.
How is the flyer's screen?
How old you gotta be to do that?
I am also really interested in this.
I am glad you like the flyer.
I apologize for being rude.
I can stream jetflicks, and numerous other sites on my tab.
I encourage everyone else to be proactive in the community and share tips, advice, good tablet apps, or serious issues.
I had already read the specs and I figured I should one of these just because of the price.
Ill get that flashed asap!
I'm at your mom's house right now if you're curious.
I see now.
Is there a way to have my tablet to download to my external card by default?
it just buffers continuously.
It runs great and plays videos flawlessly.
I use freeteather on my palm pre to connect my tablet I think it's very random but across the board.
I wanted honeycomb, but can't fault anyone for getting what works for them.
I wasn't aware of it flashing for notifications.
I was really interested in blackberry Playbook but not that interested to wait outside.
Just check the ones you want in that folder.
lovin my Acer tab!
Mine does it when I plug it into my car.
Mine doesn't do it if I play the music first then plug in the aux cord.
Music is one of the main reasons I got my tablet.
Only YouTube on my tab has problem.
Open the game zone app.
TexTab freezes my device.
Thanks to all who provided tips and advice.
That you are ashamed of your face?
The capacitve screen and gingerbread os makes it great for games and browsing.
The last half of the thread addresses the you tube issues.
The store was practically deserted.
This tablet is awesome.
Tons of more features for less than the price of a kindle fire!
Try rebooting to factory setting.
Walmart and best buy.
Was wondering if its the app, or some freak unexplainable problem with my wifi.
What do plan on using the tablets for?
which makes me a little suspicious.
why do you hope I'm not dumb?
Wireless sync is also sweet but not necessary.
Works great.
Any ideas?
Back seats came out, front driver seat.
But I need a drop it.
Car is stupid sick!
Do I just need to wait for it to update?
Don't want to go through the hassle of doing it myself.
especially since I have the bass control knob up front.
EVERYTHING is inognito except for the bass control knob I installed in the paneling under the radio.
four bolts u access by sliding the seat back and forth, then disconnect the three snap connections.
ha.
I chose the clean sweep for a really good sound since I was dumping such an investment into it.
I did not use the premium sys cuz IMO its still all factory and will not produce a good enough signal as an after market head unit would.
I didn't want to leave a doubt.
If I remember right, the power for the speakers come from the amp, so u have to tie in there.
If u have specifics I can try to field them.
I just got the update.
I'm hoping a drop will fix that.
In retrospect, if done right, I don't think u even need to pull the stereo, in turn not needing to pull the dash.
I really don't know how it would sound without, but I'm sure it would suffice for many.
Is this reasonable?
I took it to a friend that has an auto shop and we hooked up a scanner, sure enough the airbag code comes up but he says its telling him something's not connected on the airbag connections.
it was a pain that was worth it.
It was fun.
just b sure to snapem back all the way.
just the connection under the driver seat not all the way n.
Let me know.
New tires r not really an option right now.
Now the Eco Coach seems to be screwed up.
one snap and I'm rolling OEM style.
On my coupe I had the panels that hide the airbag off, the bottom door seals, and the doors.
Seems to b working great.
Still gtta tune the sys this weekend, but the sound is phenominal.
Thanks Add the oil, run it, check to see if it did it again.
Thanks for all the help, but y'all were right.
Thanks j.
That was just my preference.
The amp it was tied into was SO small, if u have one u should check it out.
The most likely scenario is that it wasn't put in originally.
The rca's were a beast to me but there were plenty.
The seat wasn't hard guys.
The tear down of the car is necessary if u want all cables hidden and if u pull the back speakers.
Took a while.
turns out I DIDNT connect the muthaluvinflippityflapflappin airbag connection like I thought I had.
turns out right under the darn steering wheel beside the console.
u saw the pix.
Very nice!
We did it to determined where the power and signal were.
We had a hard time setting up the sys before locating the amp, YOU MUST RUN THE NECESSTIES FROM THE AMP.
When reinstalling the seat I personally connected everything.
Where are you at?
Y'all r just gnna love this.
You will soon find out.
A couple buddies and I are thinking about some kinda vtech club.
A few of things I don't like so far.
And for that matter what about our high beams and fogs?
And I love it.
Any help is greatly appreciated.
Are u in the market for some?
Barrett Hey everyone.
Best one I've seen is the momo IMO.
Bright lights and very super nice mod.
but I do believe there are a few others available.
Dammit not bad, but I would have kept the lug nuts and center cap black.
Does anyone have any pics, I'm curious how it will look.
Give it some contrast.
HID aren't as white.
How about some pix in the light, is the install visible?
I can still get back to him to swap the bottoms for yellow, but I'm beginning to dig this setup.
I got that info too from the installer.
I had no idea they were this great.
I kept the other OEM's and I was lucky enough to be able to exchange them on this trade.
I know usually it's the reverse, but that's why I wanna go this way.
I luv it.
I'm looking to replace my automatic shifter with the after market momo shifter, but I do not know how to remove the OEM one.
I'm loving my youth right now.
I pulled my sound out Friday.
Is it me or the steering wheel really slippery?
It looks clean as hell though.
Its still mines, big whoop.
kinda like the wheelskin.
Lol I found that one on ebay.
maybe even the same comp.
My frame flexed way too hard haha Yea.
Needless to say I wound up wanting all yellow, but originally I told him yellow tops and crystal white bottoms, so that's wut he brought out.
Need to find a way to keep the DRL to stay on at night.
No power passenger seat, no memory for the seat position.
Not sure wut u mean by prongs in the cup holder.
Once I got it, I started to realize how bad I wanted a Si.
Only three but it's a start I guess.
Pay more.
Rotors rusting is completely normal.
Sedan Si.
So this car wasn't his cup of tea.
Tbh, none of these posts above are contributing to a healthy forum environment.
thanks.
Thanks again.
thanks in advance for any and all help.
That's real nice attraction.
The new car smell ain't as strong as in some of the new cars, I've been in, lol.
They actually rust almost daily due to just moisture overnight.
They go by measurements which I think is kool.
u making to sell by chance?
We have a six year old and a three year old so it only makes sense, but I was determined on the two door back then.
What light kit did u use for under the dash?
Wish the trip computer would display my current speed.
wouldn't hid's call for a different ballast if that is the case?
a come filter by comparison is huge, draws air from every direction.
Also, any ballpark price or info on the turbokit?
and then everyone will cry about lack of options.
And your sti was.
Any more updates ark?
Any other products?
At least not on NA.
Before flaming, try some other options.
Boost is a different story.
Brick, add me on fb so I can add you to the local veloster page!
Bump for awesomeness There is a lot more to an in take than just the filter.
But it was pretty funny, and the driver of that car got quite the embarassing reputation after that.
B w has a different name.
by it worked.
Company is legit, video seems legit.
For development, not that simple.
How much would it cost painted, shipped?
I can't really find any red flags.
I did it without removing the bumper, its uncomfortable.
I dont see he u can complain.
If itw base matte, if its style or tech gloss.
I'm guinea pigging, the only downside is they will need my ecu for a few weeks.
I might be in the works for this.
I'm very impressed, how will the lip kit look?
I saw both springs already!
I see no reason why we wouldn't be significantly faster than a stock turbo V.
It as designed by lg and is years ahead of anything the poem competitors in this class offer.
Its honestly over kill in ipod options.
its possible to never actually touch the screen at all if u use the knob.
It will also allow u to control from the ipod directly.
I would guinea pig and find out what we can and can't handle.
Let's get some meets going.
lol, gdi as it applies on our cars motors name stands for gamma direct injection.
Lol nnnooo wwaaaayyy.
look at our in take.
Looks a little hard to fake.
Match the rear diffuser!
PM price Any pics of the stance they deliver?
Price of each item shipped plz?
Small has one and there's another company too.
So far the only springs available are from fore an brands.
Thanks so much for the video, we all really appreciate you taking your time to remove the hood and film it!
Then there is the restrictiveness of the filter, and the diameter of the piping.
then there is the shape a cainor sir b ends less than the stock airboxs maze of tubes.
There is also a coilover kit, browse around for a bit and I'm sure full find it.
there is a video directly from hyundai that calls the gdi GAMMA DIRECT INJECTION GDI.
this car doesn't house an maf sensor on the intake, so there's no reason why we shouldn't get gains.
This infotainment system is in no way cheap.
This would be a complete package, and would come in stages.
Will it require the larger fenders?
Wow I actually really like this kit, does it have flares or anything around back?
Go into settings, language and keyboards, swype settings, and change the speed vs accuracy setting.
Look here I do not want to be a security guard want to start my own security company and I can speak perfect English but hey I do not know what is your problem with me and I'm fine with that I was just trying to help.
My regret is not telling the girl that I have fallen for how I really felt about her, now she's happy with someone else and I am in the friend's zone.
now the apprentice is celebrities doing it for charity, I want to see everyday people and their backgrounds and how they will do.
Strife in mainland Cheers That be pretty cool HK apprentice.
Got any pics for us?
I am all taken care of though.
If it looks awesome, I'll do it!
Mine are like the ISO only Flamed and love them Thanks for the response.
Ride Safe?
You did a great job, bike looks awesome!
Anyone else have this issue?
Know why?
Not sure if that restriction applies to honeycomb.
Thanks for suggestions.
YEAH I think I'll just have to do a factory reset.
but first do the SU bin update.
For funsies you can also download the root checker and run it.
How do you do a screen dhot If that fails you can try downloading es file explorer and set the system volume to modifiable in it.
That makes the mystery of where they came from that much bigger.
That's freaking awesome.
They definitely fit this body much better than the camaro I'm working on that I bought them for Duct sizing That's crazy!
According to him, it's not as sweet as a lot of other tobacco juices do.
After vaping on it for a few minutes trying to figure out what it reminded me of, I realized that it actually reminds me of tobacco!
all gone I tried that also I think my esc is bad.
Alright, zhigge.
Also I managed to crash the app.
Also, you take the two best wrestlers in the company and add Kane destroys another potential classic.
Apparently a few people had an issue with the way I'm handling the extra Vmaxs but didn't have the courage to say so.
Apparently wait time for the Provari is a thing of the past.
Approximately, yep.
Are you able to share books with the nook?
Beautiful view.
Btw its a basically stock mini t head wise Where is the mcpx.
But to quote Mr?
Cheers Listen to the tail on the Goblin getting a workout by Tareq.
Doesn't look so good atop a Buzz Pro Correct.
Do I just wait for the ICS update now?
Don't just whine and insult people.
Double dutch chocolate, french vanilla and marshmallow.
Dude, you're about an inch from pissing me off.
EC What's up heli yeah I have heard anything like that.
Email sent, I'll let y'all know what I find out.
Especially after he became champion because it has made the championship insignificant.
Especially for those of us planning to partake in the new top coils so it can be purchased all at once.
Everything works except for shooting.
Find em!
First, is anyone interested?
For now it just says device is up to date.
Haven't noticed that but im realizing how good the sound is compared to other devices.
He may can get it back going.
Here you go.
He should be demanding that Cena step aside until he's the one holding the gold.
He should be doing a shoot, saying what he said he said on twitter comparing his wrestling match over Cena pouring bbq sauce over an announcer.
He should be saying that things have changed since that shoot.
He should not be the first match on raw.
He's not home, but I'm sure he'd say Oriental.
He was in a match with Cena and punk not that long after Wrestlemania.
hmmdoesn't like dropbox.
How do I set it up in the txmitter so it can arm.
How would a fast boot fail?
I actually like rebuildables.
I agree about everything falling behind including the WWE championship.
I agree, don't forget about the equalizer.
I also subscribe to your channel too.
I am working on some throttle curve settings so it won't be so fast for in door flight becuz it is really really quick.
I blamed myself since I knew while ordering that I'd probably need to do some modding.
I can see a lot who would be, and who only follow current WWE programming.
I can't really make any suggestions in regards to any problems you all might be having, but I just wanted to jump in here with my experience.
I could get the replacements you say you're getting, but I want the new one, too.
I definitely need to get me some of that shet once its live again Hey, I'm in this thread now!
i dont believe it has a compass i have this case for months now and it still looks brand new.
I don't know if THQ Is going under.
I don't want donations for what is probably my fault.
I'd really like to know who reported it as against the rules.
I feel its an improvement.
If you think things can be done better then quit bitching and do it.
I got you covered.
I hate that joke if a title.
I have a few thousand epubs I can bring if you can.
I have a fold out couch bed in Georgia if you need a place to stay I live close to Mutt, too!
I have done my bl msrx.
I have have to disagree.
I haven't had to clean it yet and I got it last Monday.
I have only vaped it once or twice when I wanted the carto it was in and there was just a little left.
I hope today's shipment came with some alpha goodness.
I know that he always smells really good if I walk by while he's vaping it.
I literally vaped it dry.
I'll give it another try soon.
I'll keep you and yours in my thoughts.
I'm glad I have a chance to return the favor.
I'm going to hold on to it for a little while to see if it happens again.
I'm just not comfortable with one person getting ten.
I'm pretty sure the same fanbois that caused me to lose mod status are the ones that bitched.
I'm ready.
I'm so sorry to hear that, Mutt.
I'm super stocked right now, though.
Indiana, US here.
I really hope we get some replacement parts so I don't end up with a lot of covers.
I really like the cover, it makes the whole thing look finished to me and I don't mind how long it is with or without the cap on.
Ironic since one of them is currently dodging the vendor rules themself.
I see no way that tensai doesn't get in this game even as DLC.
I see them continuing with that trend.
Is it true audio is not supported through usb now I've got root on leaked ICS Rom, which by all reports is the same as the update that went OTA.
I slept in, have to work, happy memorial day!
I still don't have it.
I suspect that this is way too late a response for you.
It doesn't bother me.
It doesn't make sense to me.
It gets in the way when watching games and movies.
I think gangrel is a comic book character and they couldn't renew the licensing agreement for that reason.
I think that they opened doors for other wrestlers to be more candid about the business.
It just doesn't make sense to me.
It occurs to me that we might be able to get these a hell of a lot cheaper directly from the factory, though.
It's an insult to punk and a the title.
It's considered to be alive and dead at the same time.
It's easy, they totally undercut him and the WWE championship by having Cena being the main spot.
It's just barely cursing on TV.
It's kinda crisp and clean tasting while also being a little herbal.
It tastes like a fresh pack of filtered cigarettes smells.
It was good, I remember that much!
It would be like saying we're doing an episode of True Blood on the Disney Channel.
I've just checked out your app on Play Market.
I was pulling my hair out on this, and just know I have very little of that to spare.
I will say this, there are a lot of red flags.
I would compare Sin Cara's timeliness to lord tensai.
I would think the Bella's are gone, so they would be out of the game.
Jeff I don't disagree that it would have been the most fair way, but way too complicated for me.
Just adding to the photo album.
Just an FYI, Isaac still hasn't found a new CC processor.
Just because I want to try a bunch of different mods doesn't make me stupid.
Knock offs of knock offs.
Lessee if this works.
Line and Katana.
Lol at five amps?
Lol Giving you enough room for shipping.
Lol I may be wrong, but I believe PayPal doesn't allow sales of tobacco products, not specifically eCigs.
Lol Posted it as soon as I got it.
Lol they never seen it coming.
Look at last year's roster besides some low card wrestlers, who wasn't in the game.
Looks great.
Looks like we might get this one done quick.
LordDavon video Oh, no.
Lots is these apps are in Play Market.
Love it.
May be interested Here are some pics of my bl bird.
My Xoom can't touch this, maybe BC the speakers face the rear.
Needless to say I'm kinda pissed about it.
Nice review.
No, I have not seen this happen.
Not being vindictive.
Notice the blue light is on.
Not sure if BC i was already using ICS with my Nexus but I feel like its def all around better.
Now, I just don't see how an entire era, which blurred the lines, fits into today's WWE video game.
Ok I just redone it and nothing still here are pic and with the motor plugged in lol.
OK I solder the wires to the esc and no beeps and also try another motor on it again and no beeps.
Only mine will do Maybe I'll just have to give it a go, bite the bullet, etc.
Only thing i had issues with was the motors pulsing but I fixed that by adding the bec to it and now no more motor pulsing.
Ordered today, got shipping notification today.
Or just ban the asshole noob that started the drama.
Pretty please with sugar on top?
Problem with my Logitech USB controller.
Regular size, clear Pyrex.
Same here.
Screen shot included.
Second, I'm about to go hunt for it on Alibaba, but help locating the Chinese supplier would be appreciated.
See Big Bang Theory.
Seems like a couple of these will be a nice portable alternative to my Provari.
Seems snappier and more polished to me.
Since Evolv doesn't sell juice they're fine, just like someone that sells tobacco pipes would be.
Small update for you.
smoother than stock launcher.
Sometimes it's really hard to tell on Alibaba.
Still, I might make an exception.
Thank for the comment.
Thank God.
thanks Dalepl for the fast help.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for the comment.
That's got Resale written all over it.
That's kinda my point, though.
That's never happened before.
That's what the Punk in that shoot would have done.
The bbq thesauce was just pathetic and when you have Cole in the ring you know that something stupid is going to follow.
The game in with the flying numbers need to be slowed down for or at least have the option to slow it down.
The MV mod box and the Ovale are different I'd love to see a mod made out of a cig case using a cell phone battery, internal charging, and the Evolv DNA board.
The only time that should happen is at wrestlemania with the streak taking a whole life of its own.
The phoenix is probably way better than the fluxo and it seems to be perfect right out of the box for most people.
The rest is speculation and being debated so passionately, but none is certain.
There was a typo in his original message.
The way he flies these machines let you know they will hold up quiet well.
The wicks were even showing some white.
They didn't teach proper grammar during the attitude era.
They got WORSE!
They started to show vignettes about him right around Wrestlemania.
They taste a little bit like honey.
they were backordered for a while then, then became available again.
They will probably send it back with no problem found if I send it in now.
Things are will get worse if Linda McMahon wins her primary and her business is under scrutiny.
This is actually more aesthetically pleasing to me than the stardust, even the green one.
This is the most impressive ecig device I have ever heard of or even imagined.
This'll be the first time we've used it so we're still learning.
This thread has been closed.
Though, that should be lower in the card than the WWE title match.
To me that was the most current roster in any of this series.
Too busy to deal with support tonight, maybe I'll try them tomorrow.
too stiff The orange KBDD dampers are great too Just a lil flying.
Trying out Apex Launcher, which I prefer on my Sensation.
trying photobucket.
Unsteeped, this juice is really good, even though I'm not a tobacco fan.
Until the roster reveal, I will have a very hard time believing they are using HALF their roster for a story mode.
Waiting and hoping the ICS update comes soon.
Well, at least he wasn't dodging seagulls in the bay.
Well, my husband is the tobacco flavor fan around here.
Well, they are contractually obligated for the next couple of years.
Well, you're the king of Alibaba.
Westa Is there away to hide the bottom panel in ICS?
What were they doing for two months?
When I got the first dry hit, I checked it and it was completely dry.
When the rock was on, they started to slightly loosen the resigns.
Who's interested, and for how many?
Why didn't they make all kinds of changes to accommodate universe?
Will the cover still fit on those?
Wired it up and I get nothing no beeps no nothing.
Worked for me.
Yeah, I could never use a fluxo right out of the box and I also destroyed them from trying to mod them.
Yeap that's me tntneon I go by that on YouTube and tntburnett on here.
Yes please!
You found it!
You know what it does sound different from the other quads I heard.
You might be able to go a little higher.
You're fine.
You're looking at an easy six volts.
You're right, he should get some.
You will enjoy flying it even more with the power it will put out.
You wouldn't have HBK and Bret hart and throwing sycho sid to the mix.
Acer media server is kinda cool.
Again, thanks!
Ain't that the truth!
A link to the windows driver is also in the thread.
All excited!
All my music.
All while listening to my favorite music!
Also, could just use an app like DropBox to transfer items without needing a card reader.
Also have a rooted Kindle Fire, and while it is a fun, cheap tab.
Also, I don't think you can receive updates from Acer if your rooted.
Also, try BS player, for the free one.
And by the way where doese this capacitor is usually used for?
and its a little large for me.
And now Google has announced Chrome for ICS.
and on and on.
and performance has been superb.
And planting it will help to cycle.
And your right about apple.
Anybody can elaborate the charge signal?
Any questions pm me.
Any suggestions?
Apparently it makes the tannins leech out faster that way you don't have that tea water look, but in my opinion it looks better with the tea water so I soak it until it sinks and then use it Sand is fine the anaerobic conditions that can happen with the bubbles of air he was talking about happen when the sand is deeper than would be recommend.
Apps issue is typical for brand new hardware and OS.
Are you actually losing connection?
Are you running a G or N router?
As of Feb the lake by the rec area was a puddle.
At home I stay connected.
Audio problem fixed.
Back to lowes I hope so but I don't think Aquarium Adventures takes fish for credit or anything just donations.
But either way so far it looks great!
But hopefully these are the only parts that will need replacing Fuel pick up in tank clogged?
But if you're comfortable on it by all means leave it that way.
But if you're comfortable on it by all means leave it that way.
But more likely it is at the stem from the tank to regulator section.
But since putting the original female back into the adult tank she is knocked up already it seems.
But uninstalled seemed to clutter screen up.
But we will see what comes of that in a week or so.
Can somebody with the update also post the kernel version?
Can you tell me what file to replace and which Netflix app to use to get Netflix?
Checking for update manually tells me I am up to date.
Cloud Print uses the printers tied to your Google account.
Correct me if I am wrong but isn't the external SD is where we want our large data?
Could do with a custom remap on my Roushcharged mustang I normally wash the car after I clay with born Slippy but sometimes I will use a microfiber and it works perfectly fine.
Could use a paperclip to reset.
coz my phone charges on regular usb.
Dammit, Acer, give it to us already!
Deal, what time?
did you notice the price?
Ditto Mine is doing the same.
Does it mean long hold the Google search bar on the homescreens?
Does liking this make you an official nerd?
Does the regular usb from computer sends this signal too?
Does the same thing on both tanks?
Does this help?
Do we need to treat it first?
Downloading it now, or at least, I'm trying to download it.
Do you have dual tanks?
even hacked the Acer runs circles around it for sheer usability.
Factory reset as late as a week ago.
file from the internal storage card.
Fish are growing and eating well.
For me it has to be mobile.
For now I'm just really enjoying watching them be parents and the fry growing.
For the most part I am happy with it.
Game data.
Go Acer.
Gonna keep trying to get some decent pictures but with all of them spread out and moving about the odds are low.
Good looking bike.
Good looking bike.
Good luck!
Good luck, hopefully one of our expert builders will chime in.
Good luck on your build!
Good thing no one got hurt.
Half of it is clear and the other half was green and its held on with valcro.
Have you tried to return it or contact Acer support?
Having a lot of trouble getting a GPS fix.
Having done all, I much prefer Dropbox for the file sync convenience.
Having to grap outwards for the levers can also be wrist wrenching.
Having to grap outwards for the levers can also be wrist wrenching.
Here's some more screenshots.
Hope this helps you.
Howdy Pam!
However, you can download both books and music from the Market on the tablet.
How fast is it DSL or Cable do you have a wifi phone does it connect?
I also got it for free.
I am rooted.
I am using Swift Key for Tablets.
I appreciate you tracking down these books.
I believe the name is THE problem it just says SD card its confusing for the programs that put there data in the SD card they don't know our true SD card is external SD.
I bet a quick search would yield something.
I can't get undumbtu to read it either but if you set up your shared folders you can use Astro File manager to copy and paste between you're tab and your shared folders wirelessly!
Ice cream is in the clear if it matches honey comb.
I could be mistaken though.
I could not find a fix and ended up doing a software reset via the privacy settings.
I did suffer palm withdrawl and hard key pad too until I got my android phone.
I don't believe you checked out the link I posted earlier.
I don't have a TDR canopy for my Q yet but I will get one soon right news bee lol.
I don't know, but I think you would lose all of your settings and files, and I'm not sure that its possible to do a factory reset if your rooted.
I don't like ebay since the purchase will be made thru the company.
I don't remember that one in default.
I don't think its a video, I'm thinking it's a wallpaper.
I don't think we can afford to address the quarterback position.
I don't watch tv for that reason.
I'd wait for tech reviews.
I expect nothing less from Amazon.
I feel you but an FX is far from a civic.
If I didn't get those super cheap on the list then I'd definitely be running the sunsun.
If its that important to you root and install a back up program like titanium.
If so how?
If you As for the Acer sync it will since your outlook on your computer to your tab also contacts and emails you can sync wirelessly or with your USB cord.
If you want to ensure that the sand does not become anaerobic then when you vacuum your sand stick the pointy end of the gravel vac in the sand.
I got a circuit from a broken portable psp charger.
I got ICS and all my programs are there!
I got it working now.
I got my case Acer case a few days ago.
I had just gotten everything reloaded and personalized again after the factory reset I had to do.
I have gained root back by following the steps to root in the sticky, the same way I did when I rooted it for the first time.
I have not tried adding in any of my existing kindle titles.
I haven't had this issue yet but usually I listen to music in my phone so I don't use Acer's headphone jack much.
I have the same issue.
I have thought about getting a female from the wild but it isn't the easiest thing in the world especially in this part of the country.
I have to get some replacement parts for the micro stretch, but I don't see any.
I have trie to discharge the batteries on the circuit by driving an electric motor till the battery run out of juice then recharging it once again just to make sure everything works.
I just got a totally wicked eGo kit.
I just rooted mine today also.
I know capacitor can be checked if they become faulty but is there a way to check if they are degrading?
I know honeycomb supports Bluetooth mouse's, but I don't have one and I don't want to buy one.
I know there are apps that you can do this to a computer.
I like mine for the larger battery.
I like tapatalk and use it on my androids from time to time.
I like this one this one too!
I'll ask.
I'll update some pics on Saturday.
I lock the screen to and then sometimes it never comes back on unless I hold the power button and then hold it again.
I look for it to happen some time next week.
I'm gonna nit pick about the things that you might wanna adjust.
I'm gonna nit pick about the things that you might wanna adjust.
I'm having real issues adjusting to typing on this size screen, but I love that there are so few crapps preinstalled on this tablet.
I'm hoping my ferts get shipped this week so it can really take off I just said that in my head with a bad accent lol Sounds like a fun project!
I'm in the US.
I'm just having trouble with the screen size.
I'm more concerned with the hole itself than just the leak I just want to know if it is man made and then start worrying with the oil it does seem like transmission fluid it is very thin and maybe in the reddish shape.
I'm new here and to the Acer world, but even I can tell that internal SD card is more of a pain from user point.
I'm not sure about rooting it given that it's sort of bricked.
I'm not sure actually.
I'm not sure how easy it will be to find a Touchpad at this point.
I'm not sure what format your books are in, but I use Dropbox to sync my PDF books.
I'm ready to kill Hulu, as the commercials ruin the viewing experience.
I'm sure my connections are correct.
I'm trying to make a portable cellphone charger.
I never intended to play the big data games but once I bought one the graphics were so awesome I was hooked!
In many ways Prime gave us our weekends back.
I personally love the elite mini!
I plan on doing a bowl myself.
I purchased it in bulk packaging on Amazon.
I rarely access my app drawer thanks to an app called Apps Organizer which lets me make folders on my home screens.
I saw a journal of someone here who keeps them and it was a terrarium of sorts so they could go from pool to pool.
I saw something that seemed like a great deal.
Is it possible, or are there any apps that let me use my phone as a Bluetooth mouse so I can control my tablet on my tv from my couch?
I started out with my Hp Ipaq's and Palm Treos.
Is there any way to point the programs to the external SD card or to rename it?
I still have su and busybox installed.
It can connect to my desktop via rdp or its dedicated client software for windows or mac.
It does have a browsing option my Xoom doesn't, you can choose to load desktop views.
It does have a smell.
it fits a little big.
It has a virtual mouse and a host of features.
I think if I had gotten stuck with the tnt screen I would have sent my gtab back.
I think I'll try it.
I think my wife is gonna get a volt kit.
I think that would be all for both the Canadian and US sides as well as RIV Joe Rocket Repsol Jacket.
I think you can reinstall the official rom but you would need to have a copy of it and I don't know where you would find a copy.
I thought I read one time that if you send the Acer the wrong amount of power it would flash white like that.
I thought they were all sold innb the fire sale.
I took some pictures of the juvies that I hope you can see and I'll edit those in in a bit.
It really has been the key for me so far.
Its actually pretty dangerous the way yours is.
Its actually pretty dangerous the way yours is.
Its an rar, just a different type of zip.
Its APX mode, I think that's the correct name.
It's failed a couple of times.
It's getting better.
It's odd that the device can't mount the internal storage.
Its out for race trucks That is sweet!
Its pretty long bro Yes if you wanted to spend more money for less features you should have.
Its very easy to use for reading and even responding to threads.
It was very depressing.
It works great and its nice to see that there is a special UI for Honeycomb.
I use a hands free earbud set just like the one for cell phones works perfect for all my listening and recording Jobs.
I use a hands free earbud set like the ones for cellphones with the built in mic sounds great works great on my Acer try them?
I use a wonderful app called Cloud Print.
I use it as a Schedular sync with outlook I came from the Palm PDA world this is the best email device ever!
I use komik for comics never had a problem.
I've been having a ton if issues with it too.
I've rooted and ROM'd every Android device I've ever had, but I'm not a fixer.
I wanted a Fire or Nook Tablet for the size, but wanted Honeycomb out of the box.
I was about to consult GMaps, I was so lost.
I went to the Tegra Zone, which redirected me to the Market where I downloaded it for free.
I will provide a mini review after I receive it I believe this requires kernal and rom support too.
I will take it if still available.
I wish I had the extra money I would like to check out their AT, EF, and DF models to see what difference there is if any Sounds like a good plan!
I would rather get this one than the Acer one.
Jeff Ill take some with the hurricane id like get from you.
jejeje Look.
Just a couple of years ago my son was swimming in the lake.
Just after restart it notified me of the smaller update.
Just get the Astro plugin for free on market and set up your shared folders!
Just look online for an rar extractor.
Just make sure it has one of those three names on it as that's all Google accepts.
Just search it in the Market and it should be the first result.
K got it to work after reset.
Lasts all day if not more.
Lewis said he would consider him.
Little wear from use, but never been down.
LOL I think you meant a geek thing didnt you?
Lol, well there is a reason most people choose custom roms or use the classic android interface on stock.
lol Went back to an ics rom Fire Link broken?
long press delete Just asking but any other computers on the wifi?
Looking forward to your progress!
lots of different programs open PDF are you opening your PDF from a file manager or with lumiread try opening your PDF from a file manager.
Make sure to get the custom loader first I can't get it to work.
Map data.
maybe even less if you are patient and thrifty.
More updates later but I am worried since we are going away for the weekend and I won't have a way to ensure my second brood get the right food.
Movie watching at the Doctors office rocks!
My bookmarks sync as do notes and annotations.
Neither Acer has given me any issues.
No fair foul!
No home repairs, no HOA.
No scuffs and has never been down.
Not bad but still better than death.
Nothing happens when I do it.
Not much to complain about.
Not sure how big your tank is as this becomes much more difficult as the tank goes up in size.
Not sure how I'll deal with all the fry especially when it comes to culling them and finding them a new home and all of that stuff.
Not sure why you get an error on install with a flashback download.
Not what I saw Thanks, it works now.
Now I got a portable charger that I can expand the capacity by adding more AA NiMH to it.
Now I think I need some expert advise here.
Now when I connect my cellphone to charge I'm supprized coz it won't charge.
Off to a good start.
Okay thanks.
Once I read that ICS should be coming to this device in January, it was a no brainer.
One other thing is that it removes one more piece of equipment out of the tank which makes the aquarium look that much better imo.
Only problem is their mission isn't to sell outstanding products, but to sell by process of elimination.
On other news my second female took her first brood out for the first time today.
On the fish side you have allot of options.
Open up a terminal window and ping.
Perfect for use around the house, while the main case is more suited for taking to work.
Please do.
Please recommend.
Plug your tab into your windows machine go to my computer you should see your Acer icon open it you will see one or two storage if you have an external SD card will be two if you have external SD open it make a folder copy and paste your book there put all your books there or if on internal SD copy your book to the app folder for example kindle folder I use Astro file explorer for this its free.
Plus it can do allot more with expansion ports.
Probably because of the different Android versions.
Probably water seeped in.
Quick note.
QuickPic It can also be found at.
rar file.
ROOT!
Set it back up on the stand and it has been running ever since, no leaks or anything.
Share your link to car charger.
She's home most of the time so i think the volt will be great for her.
Since the low gauge is still pressurized that means your leak is between the high gauge and tank.
size tablets.
So is it expensive?
So I uninstalled and installed it again from the Market in order to get the latest version.
Sold off Amazon so no worries about returns and such.
Solved!
Someone on here was using a Reef Keeper Lite for controlling their lights but when I looked up more information on it I learned that it can accept a ph probe too!
So over all seemed like a good plan.
Sorry about the wrong abreaviation above.
Sorry, couldn't resist.
Sorry my mistake When's ICS coming out?
Sounds like a networking issue.
So what I did was replace the batteries with regular NiMH AA rechargeable baterries.
Still I personally prefer my own account.
still on time to get that extended warranty.
Taking time to learn and read and ask questions.
Thanks everyone!
Thanks for all the help and comments!
Thanks for the hard work, Spider.
Thank you Jesus and you guys!
Thanx for making that point.
That is right just the frame extension that's it.
That should be standard in Honeycomb.
That would certainly have an impact on MPG.
The app compatibility is not the Operating System but due to the screen resolution.
The best part is it fits in my pocket.
The circuit still work its just the battries are dead.
The cutouts for te camera and ports seem a little off unless you shift the tablet so its just right.
The first set should be able to get by with an automatic feeder and some fine crushed flake but that may not be sufficient for the new brood.
The first stick to hit your wheel and it could be flying off.
The first stick to hit your wheel and it could be flying off.
The install errors from roebeet roms is that he packages his roms slightly different.
Their integrated software and services will put them over the top.
The last I heard the mentioned was before the Barmes deal.
The last I heard the pirates mentioned was before the Barmes deal.
The light may be too much but I'll let hoppy or someone who knows chime in and explain.
the majority of my content is on my SD card the comics are on a shared folder on my network.
The mom seems to be eating better now but still very protective of the little ones.
The NiMH is only used to charge, I'm not powering the droix directly with the NiMH.
Then you have your system and apps.
The patent indicates and specifically mentions about predefined paths several times.
The programs I use are hit and miss as far as reading the external SD card.
There is no JRE for desktop apps available for Honeycomb.
The SD card that it is trying to mount is the internal storage.
The second brood seems bigger than the first but that is a very loose estimate since counting is basically impossible.
These two are the best when it comes to hardware acceleration for playing vids of high res.
The size is just so convenient and before any one asks I don't work for Acer God bless and ask away somebody will clue you in!
The smell is lessening now.
The store shoul be able to ship to northern California.
The symptoms you describe are consistent with a bad battery.
The thing is once you see the possibilities it never ends GPS for the car.
They also give more options.
They also swim allot more and in more of the water column.
they are focused on their mission.
They look mean.
This stand rocks.
This will hold me over quite nicely until the Nexus Tablet is released.
Those things make me want to rent.
Thx I got tired of waiting and went to XDA and got the update.
To get te screen to come back on I have to either hold the power button to turn it off and then turn it back on or hold a paperclip in the reset button so the tablet restarts itself.
To set it up you need a computer, and need to download Google Chrome, then sign into cloud print on your computer.
Try a new cell and if that doesn't work the next step is a full factory reset, then a warranty replacement.
Try Dice player, though it's for a fee.
Try holding down the power and volume up buttons together to see if you can get through the recovery process.
Turned on my Fire this morning and the books are UNREADABLE again!
Tweedy Thanks Jeff, I must have chopped the link off.
Typing this on a Xoom BT keyboard.
Use a terminal app to ping your gateway.
Using the Google Lab controls of sliding from the side of your browser to control it is the way to go, its perfect.
Usually that works.
Very nice I just checked the Market and the Amazon Appstore and there was no update availible although I wasn't running the latest version of the app.
Way too big for my daily carry bag.
We are on an Acer forum which is awesome.
Web browsing.
We can try on ours to make sure your new Fire is functioning properly.
We have holes at wide receiver, running back, offensive line, defensive line, linebackers cornerback, and safety.
Well let me charm in on this.
Well the mom and kids got moved last night and so far so good.
we need to populate those settings you listed.
What am I doing wrong?
What apps are you trying to get?
What was the elevation change?
When Google takes Motorola it does sound like Motorola vs Apple.
When I first got it the smell was so strong I could smel, it before I even took it out of the box.
When you compare it to the topics here on this forum, Acer is smooth sailing.
Which as a kid I did love.
whole process less than an hour!
Who made this possible!
Wish me luck!
Woodson has said he wants to coach and would do so here if offered the position.
Wow guppymania Here is the thread with the led light.
Yeah I have this.
You can set up a Google Checkout account with a Visa, Mastercard or Amex gift card as well.
You can share an account.
You can sync to outlook easy or your gmail for free the apps and games for this thing make all are old palm games look like tinker toys!
You could also connect your device via USB and drag and drop.
You could also use an app like WiFi Explorer to drop files from any computer to your device through a web browser.
You'll know almost instantly if DNS is working.
You may wanna tilt your bars forward a little as the angle the grips sit when laid back like that is hard on your wrists, plus you generally want your hands to be at the same downward angle as your arms when reaching for the levers.
You may wanna tilt your bars forward a little as the angle the grips sit when laid back like that is hard on your wrists, plus you generally want your hands to be at the same downward angle as your arms when reaching for the levers.
You're almost there.
Your front tire is on backwards, and please dear god close the wheels quick release towards the back of the bike.
Your front tire is on backwards, and please dear god close the wheels quick release towards the back of the bike.
You will find the tablet much easier and versatile than any palm or ipaq remember sync headheaches all gone now!
You would need a Micro SD Card and Micro SD Card reader for your laptop if you plan download the items in the Micro SD card and then putting the SD into ttghe tablets SD card slot.
Btw, I have been using TerminalIDE for a few weeks now and it really is the best terminal I have used so far.
It is really appreciated.
Thank you for the mod.
Best purchase I've ever made so far!
Here's the steps.
I suggest starting with a full charge.
OK so I'm currently able to use my phone as a hotspot for my Acer tablet.
sure you have a good charge on your phone.
This is necessary to root the phone.
Unlocking my bootloader any ideas Good idea, just need to remember to check.
Wasn't hard to do just needed the right drivers and zip files.
As far as auto zone on past cars I tried to skimp on a lower end battery and they were junk as was told that by one of the guys there they get them returned all the time.
But as she was driving away I made sure her doors were locked.
If it was an ignition problem, I'd think it would get worse as RPMs go up I agree about the battery.
I was parked behind my neighbor and the wife went out to get in her car the lights and locks did not open my Infiniti at all.
Seems strange the first one will allow me to unlock both and the new only works on my g?
The more expensive battery is the way to go if you buy from there.
Well I hope the video on you tube sheds some light that nothing is safe.
Also sounds like you have something else killing your battery's.
And as chuck said check all the lines.
Anyone have the spec?
Anyone have this on the first injector on the passenger side?
But I can't find what torque to put the thing on with I know there is a crush washer in the rear end that if I over tighten it the rear end will leak.
Can't hear or feel it while driving only notice when stopped, any ideas what it could be Yea sounds like you have a carrier bearing about to go or a universal, is there any vibration?
Duel tanks?
Google hutch mod these trucks are bad with fuel pickups in the tanks breaking off allowing air in.
haahahaha good one Huh?
Have you ever changed the mech fuel pump?
I got the kit from BWD that comes with everything.
I just want to say thank you to everyone in this forum!
I'll post pics tomorrow.
IMO I would do it all as a kit.
Is it a hole in the pan?
I was looking for another set if lights, but since you dont wanna ship I can't buy, and the cost wouldn't be alot if you use Usps.
I went from knowing nothing about diesels to being able to help some friends with their trucks thanks to everyone here at TDS.
Just keep at it and u will get it figured out.
No more overheating!
Now its time to install my glow shift guages!
So I called a buddy and he had a whole rear end laying in his shop.
So started taking it out when I noticed the yoke is busted I mean from one end to the splined end.
Thanks alot I appreciate your help I forgot to put the cover back on before re attaching the line back should I put it back?
Thanks chuck for the info and help.
This was on the electric pump so we are installing a new mech pump and going to add in a clear filter so we can see what's going on.
Turned the key glow plugs came right on waited for the light to go off and she firec right up after about three turns!
Well got her to start and run, smooth as butter!
Yes fuel issues are a big PITA I've been fighting with the same issues.
You'd probably have better luck if you offer shipping.
Amen to that.
If there is anything I can do to help get these resolved, please contact me.
I really love the features of this rom, but these are in definite need of being addressed.
One of the reasons I got this tablet was to use Skype.
So, I reverted back to stock today.
Absolute bargain IMHO and from a reputable seller.
Again I say until Gaikai are running an OPENLY multi player game this whole Gaikai vs Onlive is irrelevant.
Again obsidian, great job.
Also I'm going to try modifying his script to run Archlinux.
And then anytime the screen goes to sleep the tablet has a warm reboot.
An ice berg that let's face it has endless possibilities.
Another related link.
Any chance of getting my ring back?
anything significant?
Arch has less bloat and should be able to run full bore.
Are you gonna try to push this bad boy any further?
Are you still working on developing ultrabase?
Are you using the right kernel?
As to why they are not on the device play shop.
been there, done that.
Busybox is usually more the culprit with root problems than SuperUser.
cant say the same for a laptop Awesome!
Checked tonight and there was the update.
Dan Here are some benchmarks with the new OC kernel.
Don't know if it helps, but have you seen this?
Don't know why its blurry.
Don't see any changes.
Download su from market and should be good to go.
Do you?
Each application developer declares the set of system requirements that it demands before its app will run.
even though they would work just fine with front camera.
Fawk the heat out there.
For example i saw a cross platform tool recently that had hard coded the activation of the gyro movement sensors whenever any app using the api was running.
Friday started with an early flight from Ontario, CA to get home.
GIMP is a great one for the PC and it's free Have you tried hb's tool that wipes the tablet completely?
Give me some time.
Glad to have you krabbs!
Gonna hit that donate button again in a few days too, I do appreciate your hard work.
Good point.
google uses the developers list of requirements to filter out any app that does not exactly match the devices spec.
Got the chroot running from terminal.
Guess I'll have to take pictures of my errors.
Has some flicker, but I'm pretty sure the stock rom did too.
Hey Obsidian , you get your computer problems worked out?
Hey, take care of your personal stuff going on.
Hit enter after each line.
However I feel that ONlive is not to concerned with loosing customers right now nor do I believe that Onlive will go down in a couple of months.
I am looking forward to what you come up with next.
I build packer tonight, I like it way better than yaourt.
I did a full wipe before trying the new update and now just pressing the power button causes a warm reboot.
I didn't even Google it.
I do have a question, what kind of battery life difference did the testers notice?
I don't even think I had applied the ota update yet on it.
I don't know what you are all making a fuss about?
If I get a chance today I'll restore it again and get a couple screenshots.
If it hasn't finished by now, nearly two hours later, I'd say it effed up.
If it's stock based you have to use that one, if it's cm based, you gotta use that.
I fixed some of the errors I got because of bad syntax on my part.
I flashed that the other day and installed three OTA updates.
If something works for me in the future I will post it.
If so what are you using and why pros and cons.
I fully believe that the gaming division of On live is just the tip of a very large ice berg as far as Onlive is concerned.
If you have root.
I got it working also.
I got this far!
I hadn't thought of a real, dedicated partition.
I had the same trouble early on.
I have even packaged some aur stuff on it.
I hope you get things worked out though.
I just checked their website and the prices are good.
I just want a real arch at full speed.
I like this alot now.
I'll be trying as soon as I free up some space.
I'll help with whatever.
I'll keep on the look out!
I'll post the info by tomorrow.
I'll probably try again this weekend.
I'll work on getting a whole script working.
I'm at work now.
I'm definitely learning.
I'm excited.
I'm from gurnee area, do u guys come up this way?
I'm going to read through it today.
I'm guessing that Titanium probably fixed Busybox, over SU.
I'm not an expert, but on my phones completely wiping them fixes odd problems.
I'm not seeing much difference in battery, but I haven't been using it heavily today.
I'm off next week, I should have some time to fiddle around too.
I'm pretty busy too.
I needed a stable tablet again for a while.
In many ways I agree with what you are saying.
In short go buy a console or a good PC and let ONlive go through its growing pains.
I plan on trying your way soon!
I really don't mean to offend but we get it.
I second Hacker's keyboard.
It has got a crack on the screen but such things happen when you drop things on them but fully functional.
I think as the years go by you will see the true potential of on live but I fully believe you should as of right now treat Onlive as a backup gaming service and not your main service.
I thought I new everything, guess I was wrong.
I thought there was an updated one?
It is a hard top miata.
It looks like a midlife crisis bar.
it may work for what you need.
It only happens at idle.
I to would like to see the games we have been promised and I want to see more AAA releases.
I tried to put it in a script, and but kept having problems.
Its been stated that one console manufacturer will drop out of the console making buisness.
Its my fault for not reading the thread properly.
It's x running!
It's your busybox version.
I turn the screen off, then either I unplugged the headphone or tried to immediately turn it back on.
it was frustrating.
it would the ultimate upgrade.
I've been up late working on some other stuff for my new tablet.
I've had three updates in a row.
I've heard that is normal for these engines.
I was thinking the same thing.
I will be quiet myself now.
I will be quiet myself now.
I will get a logcat on it next time.
I will keep an eye on my package cache, it can get huge quick.
I will stake a years wages on it!
I wish my purple ponies would poop glitter.
I would hate to see that happen as well.
jejejeF Thanks for the update.
just ask.
Just the sound issues and that rip thingy in the recent menu.
Just to make it clear.
Let's not all forget that Gaikai has yet to openly run a full multi player game.
Lost I bee.
Make sure to wipe.
Many ISPs restrict and firewall outside SMTP use.
Morning I love you Obsidian!
Much smoother.
New build on xda.
Nice work krabbs!
No clue all is fine here, just wish I could afford a good keyboard, I got better keyboard but not very good on tablets Anyone at all?
No idea what changed.
No, I didn't have the time.
No matter what, that's most important.
Nothing in Texas, just unboxed mine yesterday so I may already have it!
Now it makes sense.
OK this is all starting to make sense now.
Old dog, new tricks.
Onlive is about to or already has been bought out by Sony.
Onlive is quietly keeping the lights on and running the servers and saying nothing.
performance cpu scaling for example.
Perlman is in this for the long run and has the capital to make this work.
Phoebus first of all I am sorry I feel I over stepped the line with my post and I am sorry about that.
Playing with a Fire is what got me over the edge.
PM me if you need help.
Pressing the power button to wake causes the tablet to reboot instead of waking up.
Pretty good scenery there.
Pretty solid, if you don't mind disabling or removing the bloatware.
Regardless of if the actual app made any use at all of said feature.
Resolution, blank terminal in lxde.
Seriously Phoebus save up and purchase a second hand Xbox and I promise you that all will be well in your world.
Should I be just checking the nightly change log?
Should I update if I rooted my tablet?
So far no wifi issues.
so just copy the ebooks to a folder on your sdcsrd Looking forward to using this!
So much smoother, thank you!
Sony has lost a fortune since the big tidal wave hit Japan.
Sony is looking for a way to make money in gaming while reducing manufacturer costs.
Sorry about the personal stuff.
Sound is better, just not through the mic's.
Still having problems getting the vnc to work right.
Sunday will involve finishing brakes, golf, and mowing.
Superwipe, verify that you're set up correctly, and try again.
Surprised I didn't know that.
Thank god I'm not alone lol, I replaced icm's , plugs, cam positioning sensors, coolant temp sensor checked mechanical timing and is fine so I said screw it as I upgrade it slowly hopefully it will get fixed lol.
Thanks.
Thanks for the hard work!
Thanks for the update in the OP!
Thanks for this.
Thank you for great rom, profet.
That was a bit on the hard side there.
The following got my GPS working!
Then it started raining as I got one wheel done.
Then went to Tracey Lawrence concert with wife.
the problem is however that a lot of app are lazy and instead of actually working out what their app really needs and only asking for those resources.
The problem with Sony Ericsson is that they can be very slow.
There is a stock ICS ROM as well.
The rom file download at xda is the original.
they ask for all resources including a rear camera.
they ask for possible available resources.
They have been so quiet that most of us have been scratching our heads wondering what the hell they are doing.
this is for example why none of the qrcode apps are available.
This is my first android device.
This weekend probably.
Today was spent tearing apart the brakes on my Le Sabre.
Touch screen, wifi drivers will be the tough ones I'm sure.
Trimslice is the arm version I used for this chroot.
Trying to help drinking rum.
Until it has done so and until I and many many others have tried this game I feel this whole Gaikai vs Onlive thing is irrelevant.
Volume is very low, from speakers and headphone.
Watching the kiddo tonight and maybe do some packing for our move to a new house.
We want a striaght up bootable arch install, with a wm.
What about IM?
What resolution did you use?
Where is the next meet?
widget Going to try modifying the ubuntu installer script to work with arch.
widget Widgetsoid also does the same thing and is free I have read the performance is better with ICS.
wish me luck.
With that said, there are some interesting apps that aren't compatible with ICS.
Working great.
Yeah, don't count on it being available on any current devices anytime soon.
Yes it is.
You have to look at the bigger picture here.
You know I'm in.
You mean I'll have to go through a reroot all over again.
You need to clean up all the mess first and try again.
You should start a new thread to see what interest and help you can get.
Acer, along with other manufacturers, should make it easier for users to hack their devices and provide the tools to restore in the event users mess up.
Acer love to update and are also not shy about publishing kernal source code.
Actually.
Advanced task killer has helped me.
a file is downloaded to your device.
A firewall will have no effect whatever.
Aggravated with the screen protector.
Agree, very frustrating we can not get a case for this tablet anywhere.
All mention of the update on the web pointed back to this forum.
All the important elements are locked in read only storage space.
all the new features are detailed on.
All you should need to do is go into settings.
Also keep in mind that a lot of people including myself have had problems with the Prime.
also some apps have the habbit of doing things like that too if they are granted permission to do so And frankly the last thing any manufacturer wants is the cost of having to deal with hackers.
Although not ideal, every so often I run it to kill all background apps and it improves performance noticeably.
Am I being too cautious?
And also supports movement of dalvik cache and lib resources.
and a side of the reds If someone can, please post your thoughts once you get it.
and a whole lot more about legalities.
And beyond that all tegra devices also include a low level loader that can rescue those sort of fails in theory.
and choose no lockscreen or no security.
and even then it specifically needs to fail during writing of the bootloader to be a serious issue.
and is even worse legally for any company that for example released a tool that allowed users to play.
and keep it visible.
and more to the point why do the people that got the tablet last get the new rom first.
android does not now or has ever needed such a thing.
and turns on a whole new layer of customer support nightmares Hey you guys hear about jellybean coming out next month?
any recommendations on a brand for the protector.
A piece of dirt somehow ended up underneath.
Appreciate any guidance.
Appreciate the feedback.
Appreciate the help.
Are faster and more stable the big attributes, or is there more functionality.
a rooted device can bypass digital rights management.
As a result to get to the market instead of an icon on the desktop.
As for rooting if are seeing errors its more likely to be related to how you ran it.
as opposed to say on desktop.
At the mean time check out the kernel to see if it help you out a bit.
At this point I am not real confident that I can safely backup, restore, and flash via cwm.
Basically because they really have no need or desire to do so.
basically the same effect as removing the battery on a smart phone and then replacing it.
basically whatever pages you have bookmarked in the default web browser.
Bluetooth running with an external keyboard and the screen on most of the time I kinda had a feeling that this was too good to be true.
books.
Bro its not hard.
but there is no app icon for it that i can find once ics is installed and the new app installed.
But why would it be different from any other method?
By the way I'm the one that had the heat issues but not anymore though after some settings I did on setcpu.
By the way to want speed do you guys set ya min?
Can anyone point to something from Acer which states one way or the other?
Can take a little while if Aldiko does'nt already have lots of the Calibre titles, otherwise only a few minutes to go through the collection.
Check it out.
Chill people it's not the end of the world and we know we will get the update at some stage Fwiw, the Android App Market technically no longer exists.
Click the add apps button top right of screen.
Click the add apps button top right of screen, and when all your current apps are displayed click on the shop button top right of screen you will be shown the new Google Play Market.
Come on tablet manufacturers, encourage users to test the capabilities of tablets.
Confirmed simpleroot and simplerecovery on australian ics release.
Cool ty I'm trying to get a warranty replacement for the Armorsuit, but if I can't, I definitely going for something less expensive.
Couple quick questions, what buttons do we use to boot into cwm and do we need an external SD card?
Damm nothing for AU yet.
Dead space runs like a champ.
Disappointed with Minisuit.
Do a restart and it will on your app list under that new name.
Do a search on the Market for an app called android assistant.
Does anyone know how to resolve this or have you had the same problem?
Does anyone know if that's a limit of the hardware or the OS.
Don I thought one of the big attractions to android was the openness and freedom you don't get from Apple.
Double click top right corner.
Download the update that's in the first page, put it on a SD card then put the SD card in your tab.
do you have a set of notes on what changes you made including this patch?
Do you think we will still get future updates?
either way its all stupid corporate bs.
ENabling the end user with the tools would be a competitive advantage Dont use amazon app store if you are not using amazon tablet.
Feel much better going without the screen protector knowing this thing does have Gorilla Glass.
Firstly.
Firstly you should not flash this tab with the cwm thats in rom manager.
For example.
For example, if you try to move forward it sticks and you can't stop moving.
